None	today it seems like soccer is going  great you're doing well in school and  everything is going well there's just  one more thing I wanted to talk to you  about today and I wanted to talk about  your nutrition is that okay with you?
P1	that's fine
P2	okay great so can you tell  me what you eat in a regular day?
P1	well  for breakfast I usually have eggs and  toast a glass of milk or orange juice  for lunch I see what's in the cafeteria  so cheeseburger pizza after practice my  friends and I go to McDonald's or Al's  and for dinner whatever my mom cooks so  steak or chicken with sensual
P2	okay great  it sounds like you're eating pretty  healthy what are you drinking with your  meals every day
P1	well for breakfast I  have a glass of milk and orange juice um  I have to practice Gatorade and  McDonald's nails soda
P2	and okay  how much so do you think you drink every  day?
P1	at least three or four cans a day  three or four cans
P2	okay and how do you  feel about your soda drinking
P1	I guess  it's okay I don't know
P2	okay  it's okay if I tell you a little bit  about soda
P1	yeah okay
P2	so each can of soda  actually has about  teaspoons of sugar  in it what do you think about that?  that's that's a lot of sugar
P2	it is a lot  of sugar yeah so do you think maybe  drinking the soda is something you might  be interested in?
P1	yeah
P2	okay so we're  going to work through this fit and  healthy change plan to talk about your  drinking soda and so on a scale of one  to ten how ready do you think you are to  drink less soda?
P1	and eight and eight
P2	okay  great it sounds like you're really  excited about drinking a soda what made  you not choose six or seven?
P1	well I want  to make the school's varsity team this  year and I would do anything to be  healthier
P2	okay great and harder question  what made you not choose a minor ten?
P1	well I don't want to be like overweight  and I want to be healthy and be able to  play soccer
P2	all you okay great so it  sounds like soft or something that's  really important to you  okay and so we talked about  changing your soda drinking how much  less soda do you think you would want to  try drinking?
P1	at least one can
P2	one can  okay that's a great star so you would  like to drink one can laugh a day and so  we're going to fill this form out  together and then I'll give you a copy  to take so that you have it so one can  last a day which is a great start  what do you think could help you make  this change?
P1	well I could ask my mom to  buy me new water bottle
P2	okay and some  flavorings okay that would be great so a  new water bottle and then you could get  those they have them and they don't have  any sugar in them sugar-free flavorings  which would be really great okay so what  strengths do you have that you think can  help you with this?
P1	because I want to be  on the varsity team I have to be healthy  and fit for that so okay great
P2	so it  sounds like you really are concerned  about your health and you really want to  do well in soccer so that'll definitely  help you what about your family  strengths that will help you?
P1	well sign a  new water bottle okay and my friends  couldn't make sure that I don't buy soda  at Al's and McDonald's
P2	okay that's great  so if your your mom will help you by  buying you a new water bottle and your  friends can help you buy maybe they'll  drink something different too what  things do you think can get in the way  of you being able to drink a camless of  soda a day?
P1	well my dad really likes soda  so it's going to be in the house I my  mom could probably hide it so I wouldn't  see it
P2	okay that's great so do you think  that's something you could talk to your  mom about?
P1	yeah
P2	okay great so if your mom  put the soda some where you didn't see  it you wouldn't want to drink it as much  okay that sounds like a great idea so on  a scale of one to ten how confident are  you that you can make this change Inez?
P1	and eight
P2	okay great it sounds like  you're really confident and I think  you're going to do a great job drinking  less soda would it be okay if me or one  of my office nurses called to check in  and see how it's going in two weeks?
P1	yeah
P2	okay great  so we will talk to you in two weeks and  have a great time with soccer practice
P1	Thanks
