P2	Mm, except there's nothing funny about mental illness.
P1	Yeah of course.
P2	So depression huh? The big D.
P1	Yeah.
P2	You know, I find it so surprising that people can be depressed nowadays when there's new Star Wars movies coming out, like this guy.
P1	Well those prequels are just so bad.
P2	Well that's your opinion.
P1	Yeah, that's my opinion.
P2	Please describe your symptoms.
P1	Well I'm having trouble sleeping. I feel like I'm having a lot of dark thoughts.
P2	Okay, uh, on a scale of  to , how dark?
P1	Uh I guess I'd say...
P2	being the lowest,  being the highest.
P1	Sure, that's how I assumed. An , I'd say.
P2	Wow, nice.
P1	Yeah, um, I just keep thinking everything is a distraction from our mortality, everything we do is meaningless.
P2	How do those thoughts make you feel?
P1	A lot of the time, I feel like I'm in a state where I don't feel anything at all, but then later on I'll find myself crying for no reason.
P2	Alright, this sounds like you're quoting the Smiths. Are you quoting the Smiths?
P1	I'm sorry?
P2	Are you quoting the Smiths?
P1	No.
P2	Okay. Please continue describing your symptoms.
P1	Uh, alright. It's just, it's just a lot of times I feel overwhelmed by dis--it's not that I want to die, but it's just sometimes I feel like I don't want to live.
P2	Alright there Marcy, I'm your therapist, not your Tumblr.
P1	I don't understanding what you're saying.
P2	It's the oldest trick in the book. A super handsome guy walks into a therapist's office, tricks her with his rustic charms.
P1	Are you saying I'm lying to you right now?
P2	Yeah, yeah I am. And my suspicions were confirmed the moment you started quoting the Smiths.
P1	I-I don't even listen to the Smiths.
P2	Well, oh my gosh, now I know you're lying. Who doesn't listen to the Smiths? Are you sure you like Star Wars?
P1	Why-why would I lie about that?
P2	Did you come here for a prescription for anti-depressants?
P1	Yes, obviously I--
P2	Well people like you disgust me. You know, handsome guys lurking around clubs, selling pills to drunken -somethings who don't know any better.
P1	Stop calling me handsome, alright, that's inappropriate. And who is buying anti-depressants from a guy in a club?
P2	People looking for happy times. Haven't you heard the grin and tonic?
P1	No, what... is that?
P2	Yeah, it's exactly what it sounds like.
P1	This is insane, alright. I think you're the one who needs therapy. I'm-I'm leaving.
P2	Okay, um, so, um, off-topic, would you ever want to get together sometime? We can drink red wine, listen to the Smiths...
P1	Nope, I'm done.
P2	Okay. Okay. Mmm... [the Smiths plays] So handsome... mmm.
