P1	Yeah.
P2	Great, how are you doing today?
P1	Oh, pretty good, always busy this time of year but keeping up. How are you?
P2	Doing great.
P2	Alright, your blood pressure is  over
P1	That's good right?
P2	Yes.
P1	Good, I've always been healthy
P2	Well, not always. It looks like you got a letter about your AC and you haven't been taking very good care of your diabetes.
P1	My what?
P2	Your AC. It measures the amount of sugar that's been on your hemoglobin in the last three months do determine how well you've been controlling your blood sugar.
P1	Oh yeah, I got that letter but I didn't really know what it meant and I never really paid attention to my diabetes because I feel fine, how bad is it?
P2	Well let's see. today it was . and three months ago, it was .. So normal is less than , you're way out of control.
P1	Well, like I've said, I've been way busy this month.
P2	Well your health is something you have to make time for. Have you at least been taking your diabetic medications?
P1	Not really, I rather use diet and exercise.
P2	Well it looks like that's not really adequate, so you need to be taking your medications. Diet and exercise sometimes just aren't enough. Your chart says that you've been prescribed Metformin which is a long lasting medicine that will keep your blood sugar under control all day. I think it will be more effective than just diet and exercise. Are you testing your blood sugar?
P1	Um, Yeah sometimes.
P2	Ok, how often?
P1	Oh, once every few weeks but I feel fine so I don't think it's that bad.
P2	Well remember, your AC was high like I said earlier and that's a much better indicator than how you feel. So um, it showed that you were out of control. If you don't start making changes, you can permanently damage your eyesight, blood vessels, even have to have a front leg amputated
P1	Oh, well I'll definitely do something before it got that bad, but I'm not interested in taking those medications. I'll try to eat better or do something
P2	I don't think you realize how serious your disease is.
P1	I don't see how I can be sick if I feel fine. I don't want to take medications.
P2	*Sigh* Just because you feel fine doesn't mean that you're healthy. Having diabetes affects you more than you realize and some people feel fine when they have a big ulcer on their foot.
P1	Well, I remember my doctor telling me something about the symptoms of high blood sugar like feeling shaky or tired, but I never felt shaky or tired.
P2	Well, those are some symptoms of high blood sugar but you can have the high blood sugar without those symptoms. That's the whole reason for doing an AC, to determine if your blood sugar is out of control, and your AC showed that your blood sugar has been out of control.
P1	I get what you're saying, but I feel fine and I don't want to take something that's not going to make me feel any better. I mean, what if it makes me worse? When my grandfather was on heart medications, the levels got so high that he almost got a heart attack.
P2	Heart medications and diabetic medications are very different. You can't generalize the experience your grandfather had to this medication, they're completely different. Will you at least try taking your medications?
P1	I don't know, I will think about it.
P2	Alright, well we'll see you in a few months then.
