P1	Mm-hmm, yeah, I, I definitely don't want to come back here but, uh, the doc said Oscar, my dog, is connected to my asthma symptoms but the...
P2	Yeah.
P1	... ridiculous part is I've had him for twelve years before and now it's a problem.
P2	Well you sound a bit surprised by that but I'm sure that you've seen some of the material that that the clinic gave you about asthma symptoms and managing your asthma and pets are a really big source of problems, in that respect.
P1	Yeah bu-, I, um, let me just clarify.  I've seen the materials, I have them...
P2	Mm-hmm.
P1	...I haven't read them.  All I've been doing is taking the medicine so I don't know that much about this.
P2	Well, w-, wait a second, Sal.  What do you mean yo-, yo-, ha-, if you, as an, you know, to be informed about I'm just re-, really taken aback by that because I understand from your chart that you have a young baby?
P1	Yeah.
P2	A new baby?
P1	Gian-Carlo, yeah.
P2	And you are very concerned about your health.  You want to be there for your baby and that you've already taken some steps you've, you've almost quit smoking...
P1	Mm-hmm.
P2	...which is fantastic. So the next step is to really d-, deal with the dog, deal with the pet.  I know it's, it's going to be hard to do that but there are always people who will adopt animals.  I'm sure that you have friends or family members.
P1	Uh...this is a little too much right now.  First of all Gian-Carlo is taken care of, that's fine.  He doesn't have no asthma from the dog.  It's just me, I don't have...
P2	It's you that I'm worried about, Sal.
P1	Ah
P2	It's you that I'm worried about.  OK.  Th-, the symptoms are worse.  You've had two or three major asthma attacks and I, do you appreciate how this is a-, a-, a risk to your life that there are some some adults with severe asthma who actually can die as a result of their symptoms.  It, it truly is something to take very very seriously.  I can't emphasize that enough.
P1	So Oscar's going to make me die.  He hasn't made me die in twelve years and the doctor saying, "oh, I don't know if it's the stress, the finances, the drinking," so what are we doing saying Oscar could make me die?  I've had him for twelve years.
P2	Sal, wh-, ah, do, you understand that what happened six years ago or ten years ago, your asthma is progressively getting worse.  You know very well that the puffers, the strength of the medication is getting higher and higher and there's only so much that can be done with medication alone.  You know this.
P1	Well they can keep giving me more medicine and give me the strongest one and I'll keep Oscar.
P2	Sal, you're almost on the strongest one.  And if Oscar's that important to you then do you put Oscar higher than your baby?  Than your wife?  Like, ah, that makes no sense to me.  Do you understand how important this is?
P1	I understand that I don't think you get my situation.  I've had this dog for twelve years so I'm not just going to up and get him out of my house when I don't even know if that's the main thing.
P2	[Sighs]
P1	Ho-...
P2	OK.
