None	I have useful I Russia on a black civic concern and I see that your doctor referred you to come to me so not referred me so I can speak you about your weight, is that is that right?
P1	yeah my doctor thinks I'm too fat
P2	could you explain thin detail? why you think so? so do you know the up as the risk of being being like overweight or obese?
P1	yeah probably just help you from you to lose weight you know like I don't think it's that big but I mean he was saying that like weight loss can just like prevent other diseases you know I have three kids of a single mom I want to be there for my kids
P2	okay that's I mean I agree with you do you know what kind of risks or like the obesity will lead to?
P1	No, like my doctor never told me
P2	overall, obesity can lead to many chronic conditions. such as hypertension diabetes heart diseases, if you loss weight, it will lessen the risk of getting these diseases and a five a five to ten percent weight loss would really improve that. so what do you say?
P1	I mean yeah that's the  goal what tunnel is  so
P2	so I just stated that unity you're willing to to set some goals, so what kinds of goals  are you are you thinking of?
P1	you know, just to loose that five to ten percent weight
P2	yeah so let's start with this so what do you typically eat in the day?
P1	I normally skip breakfast they are visiting we came to school and then get to my job and then at lunch salad and then I don't really get home until late leeks eye with my other jobs but then when i get home you know i'm so tired i don't really eat that much i see whatever whatever is there
P2	okay so uh so what do you mean that was you don't eat that much or whatever's there?
P1	I mean you know like my mom watches the kids sometimes she's just like get something from like Japan like a restaurant you like McDonald's or Taco Bell Manuel sometimes sure she'll save some stuff for me you know i'll have like you know i had tacos or really considered looking more like to walk or something yeah I'm it's not it's not that much
P2	so wait so if you eat five tacos and some..?
P1	Oh no no sometimes above tacos and pizza taco bell
P2	Sorry, I just want to clarify. okay and so so on a scale from one to ten how ready are used to make some changes in your in your eating habits or paths?
P1	i'm probably five or six you know feel like it's hard
P2	why do you think it's hard?
P1	because I mean like I feel like you're going to tell me that I can't anything I want to eat
P2	no so you say that i'm not going to tell you so so you said that you on a scale of one to ten you're going the fastest it lets you choose five to six so you're you're ready for a change why do you choose five to six? why is it not a four or even
P1	i said i want to be there for my kids but you know I've done the south beach diet like the Atkins and all those eyes and I know what I have to do is sometimes hard to maintain that you know being a single mom and all yeah only want the south beach diet includes like cutting out anything that has spread in it or like and all you really is just like fruits and vegetables but and you can't eat like any fat or anything you know I thought you know some people move all the way but yeah
P2	so you you want to lose right but you you just you just really like breads and carbohydrates and like you can't stay away from that?
P1	I just I need a yeah I mean I don't really have time to cook yeah well
P2	so you've tried some diets before and they haven't worked out and since you're a single mom with kids is it's been hard for you to cook meals or do grocery shopping?
P1	yeah I like once a month I go to a super low and then you yeah you got there I think it's a basic
P2	yeah so I said you said you stated that you pick up the basic food that does mean?
P1	what no I get a lot of hot pockets bread cereal milk meat you know like chicken cheese you know like a few snacks for the kids you know like hot chooclate of like fruit loops absolutely sorry fruit roll-up gosh areas that kind enough and you know one smile I like from the kids stuff when there's that bring back
P2	okay do you have anyone in your life of a family or friends to help you with that?
P1	me and my mom sometimes I take care of the kids and cook something a lot I'm choose after okay so
P2	so what kinds of meals does your mom cook?
P1	She naturally make to like a meat like pork chop or like a brisket or more like the chicken was like vegetables some like you know potato salad mac and cheese moving means yeah cabbage that kind of stuff whenever
P2	okay, so you do like cabbages? so you said green beans and cabbage and some vegetables. are you, so do you like vegetables?
P1	yeah I love vegetables
P2	oh ok that's really good so are you willing to incorporate more vegetables in your diet or eating paths?
P1	I mean I eat vegetables
P2	so you said you eat vegetables. so how much of vegetables or serving do you eat in a day?
P1	probably you know I have lettuce and tomatoes on my said and all that stuff
P2	so you said you eat lettuce and tomatoes. Is there anything else you eat? so do you put any of anything on the salad?
P1	i put like cheese, ranch croutons sometimes there's some carrots and where yeah I normally get my salads from mcdonalds from  months ago hmm whenever you do make them myself yeah I add a lot of other vegetables ok and what I do in my own cooking I do add our vegetables with my mom
P2	oh ok that's good it sounds like you are really concerened your weight and you want to make changes in your life. are you ready to set some goals to try and follow them?
P1	sure
P2	sure so okay so one of the goals could be since you said you like vegetables and a variety of them you can try to adapt.. have you heard of the myplate or choose my plate?
P2	yeah okay so this is how my plate is it's kind of a place and then a half of it and usually you can fill your play with fruits fruits and vegetables and then a quarter of your plate can be protein it could be beings it could be fish beef chicken and then the other half of the other corner is grain
P1	ok so like rice
P2	right and I'm like a sea of my foes or bread or like starch and then you can also it can all there's also like a cup of milk that you can incorporate in your in your meal so how does that sound?
P1	I think yeah I can maybe at any time you know whenever my mom make love I'll take anymore the green beans in the cabbage
P2	yeah yeah it's really easy I don't like to continue can help you can hold the plate and it's salso good comes on like I mean like what size of raisins and some but as long as like each other you know two fistfuls of vegetables that shows that it's half the plate and then one fifth in like three ounces of me and that kid stuff that shows that and then the others and greens and carved and yeah wouldn't or decent anything
P1	I could do that yeah
P2	I can also give you a hat a lot of a handle or or or brochure that shows you the actual plant and you can put it in your mic on your refrigerator and that will help you you know
P1	yeah okay
P2	that's great I'm glad that we're up work for every one another yeah so and and I also remember that you,  so what you think? so it shows carbs and stuff.
P1	yeah, i think i can do that
P2	i can also give you a handout or bouchoure that shows you actually plate and you can put it on your refigirator
P1	okay, that sounds good  thought that sometimes you doctor you don't use Preston and yeah yeah so whenever you eat breakfast like what what do you normally have probably cereal and milk ok Ranma okay and with like what cat what kind of cereal do you should have learned what I put my kids like like Froot Loops Lucky Charms cocoa puffs you okay and what kind of month is in the top % tapers out of it and horrible no some I ask why our test I normally don't get breakfast and then maybe it's just like it's just a just like preparing it a night before yeah you know I kind of like to project for healthier things than cereal yeah so like you generate not like not eat breakfast or just have cereal I mean I merely a rush and I'm getting my kids ready metro to work
P2	so yeah so if they just don't have time you just looked last time preparing breakfast is you also have your kids to like help them get ready for school on them and you thought of every father preparing breakfast the night before no I haven't yet it's really easy and you can practice there are a lot of breakfast foods and like other healthy option healthier options that you can you can try such as like you do you like ed yeah like you can incorporate protein with it it eats like eating eggs and also you can put up the night before you can cut up some fruit and so you can have them ready for the next morning and eating it with yogurt do how do you feel about your hair yeah so I've been acting like groups with fellow like we slept on goal here you're gonna you're going to try to incorporate more vegetables up top you like showed you the MyPlate guidelines and and you've also you're also trying and you're going to try to prepare breakfast with the night before or less and yeah I'm so glad that like began to me so I can help you and it was my advice of talking to to thank you and I yes thank you
