P1	I'm okay.
P2	Good. Here take a look. See what you think. Isn't that feeling
P1	Yep
P2	And the colors okay?
P1	Yep
P2	You know there is quite alot of staining. So umm I'm just wondering about umm some concerns about smoking possibly
P1	Eh... I'm going to get that again.
P2	coffee, tea yeah, and you've heard this before I'm sure.
P1	I do all of the above
P2	So you know the smoking is going be related to not just to some of the other negative consequences you know physically it it effects dental carries, dental cavities
P1	Yeah
P2	Umm healing .
P1	Yeah ok
P2	in your mouth. Soo
P1	I've heard it all but I just want to get my teeth fixed.
P2	Yes and I really want to be helpful. I really want you to know my commitment is to your oral health so umm there are lots of medications out there, David that actually take away alot of the cravings there they make things soo much easier.
P1	I did a pill thing so I did try it.I did try it. I did the pill thing and they didn't work.
P2	mmm
P1	It was a waste and it uh caused more side effects.
P2	No it but David. David it's not a waste. Research shows that people take on average about  tries before they quit smoking so think of it as you're one step closer to quitting.
P1	Or seven lectures along the road.
P2	Ah well I don't think I'm giving you a lecture.
P1	Well
P2	That's certainly not what I meant.I
P1	Naw I just feel that way.I get really, I get very defensive about when I get it from my family doc my cardiologist, everybody. Like I'm not a complete fool. I am for smoking.
P2	Well there there's a reason that.
P1	It's not easy to quit.
P2	people are concerned. No but as I said these medications So you've tried the medication you've been willing once
P1	Yep
P2	Then can I write you a prescription for the medication and can we talk about how you could use it because this is something that that it's very important. Not just for your overall physical health
P1	I guess I gotta really want to. Things I've tried, they usually cause me more problems than they helped.
P2	Oh no, the smoking will cause you more problems than the than anything else. I can promise you that.David, the side effects from the medications are nothing compared to what can happen from the smoking.
P1	mmm
P2	Like that's the thing to really consider.
P1	Okay well, can I go now?
P1	I know what, I know Doc what you're trying to, I I just don't want to get into that right now.
P2	Okay. Well thanks for listening and honestly I, I am really worried about the smoking so
P1	Okay
P2	I uh
P1	I appreciate your care.
P2	I'm here to help. Okay?
P1	Okay.
