P1	Right.
P2	And now she's coughing. Um.
P1	Yes
P2	Sounds like post-nasal drip. I think it's probably just a virus.
P1	Okay.
P2	Um, and I don't think she needs antibiotics, it's not going to do anything.
P1	Good, okay.
P2	But uh, and she'll probably be better by the weekend.
P1	Good.
P2	Um, before we finish up today I think we really need to talk about Ganesa weight.
P1	Okay.
P2	Um, according to the chart she is has a BMI of  which is at the  percentile, which is considerably overweight and we need to think about getting her weight down. Um, does she eat healthy does she, is she pretty active?
P1	Okay, well, I don't know anything about this, um, BMI or  percentile, but I mean, she's a big boned girl. All of the girls in our family are. I mean she's active, she's growing. She looks healthy to me.
P2	Well, I think we need to check her cholesterol and her triglycerides. Cus, um, at this BMI, they, um, there might be some problems already, some serious problems, and if we look at these labs now, you know maybe you'll start to see that this is a serious problem.
P1	Okay, I don't know about all that, but I just brought her in here for a cough. Plus, you know, Ganesa hates needles and she was proud that there was no needles today.
P2	Well, I guess the blood work can wait, but we're going to have to get it done within the next year. Let's talk about her exercise, does she get enough aerobic exercise?
P1	Well, yeah, at school and on weekends, she sometimes plays with her friends, but she's very active, she, she's strong.
P2	Okay, okay, well what about her diet. Does she eat a lot of junk food or drink soda?
P1	Well, we eat together a lot. And I mean, we only go to the fast food restaurant a few times a week. And she always drinks lemonade, never soda.
P2	Okay, well, um, you're going to have to cut the fast food down to no more than once a week. And lemonade, it's as bad as soda, it's full of sugar, so you're going to have to get her to drink more water.
P1	Well, with the, the stress on my job, and, and, working long hours, I mean, sometimes we only get to eat fast food. And, and, she won't drink water.
P2	Oh, Okay, well, do what you can. And tell me about her T.V. Does she watch a lot of T.V.?
P1	Well I mean a few hours after school. I mean, more than what I would like. I mean, I try, but no kids don't listen.
P2	Okay, well, the American Academy Pediatrics recommends no more than two hours a day, so I think we're going to have to get that down to below two hours.
P1	Well, that's going to be very difficult because, I, I need that time so that I can catch up on.
P2	Okay,
P1	Um
P2	well, listen um, we're going to need to finish up here. I'd really like to see Ganesa lose three to five pounds before we see her again. So, let me just kinda go over what we talked about. More water, less junk food, less fast food and uh, cut down on the TV. Does that sound okay?
P1	Okay.
P2	Okay, Thanks for coming in.
P1	Thanks
