None	I don't know how much you've been told about why you're here but basically it's my job just to meet with all the students I usually meet with you once or twice a semester and gonna be talking to kind of about your life and your goals and some behaviors that you might engage in and just the sorts of things like that. Okay so why don't you start by telling me a little bit about yourself
P1	Well my name's Andrea as you know I'm in the marching band I played a tenor sax and involved in music so I'm also in the Jazz Band the Wind Ensemble and yeah  that's about okay I'm an IB student
P2	okay, how long ago did you start playing saxophone
P1	Well saxophone I started about four years ago but I've been involved in music for about ten years now
P2	Wow that's a long time what other instruments?
P1	I started off on the violin first okay that for like six years once the clarinet double here and there with different things and then I found the one the one per week back
P2	awesome, and you played tenor sax?
P1	yeah that's an aside
P2	Wow, and how long have you been in marching?
P1	band marching band since freshman year... just a couple years
P2	okay great and how do you like marching band?
P1	it's fun it's a lot of work long summers taught but it's fun
P2	what are your favorite parts about it?
P1	I really like the group setting oh we're getting to work with my other classmates and things like that and putting on this entire show it's very exciting very exhilarating once you're in competition
P2	okay cool cool and you have a lot of friends who are in band with you?
P1	yeah friends outside of Bandar I have them you know to to supper group to have my friends from class and then my friends from Brand from band
P2	okay great and then tell me a little bit about your family?
P1	well I'll have one brother he's older than me about nine years older than me and my parents and my dog
P2	okay what kind of dog do you have?
P1	golden retriever
P2	oh nice
P1	Charlie
P2	Charlie
P1	Yeah
P2	have you had him a long time?
P1	yeah he's about eight years old now
P2	oh gosh okay very cool. and what are your plans for after high school?
P1	uh well I'm planning on going to school I'd like to become a doctor one day
P2	Wow
P1	I'm interested in psychology psychiatry something like that
P2	you've got big dreams.
P1	yeah
P2	Alright have you started thinking about schools or majors? I guess you're thinking about psychology
P1	I haven't really thought too much about which school I mean I everyoen wants to shoot for the Ivy League
P2	alright and how about your grades?
P1	they're pretty good you know high three point something
P2	okay good very good. Alright well what are the kinds of things do you do for fun on weekends?
P1	oh I usually go out with my friends. we'll go to the movies or will most likely we'll just meet up at someone's house and just hang out of things
P2	mhm...when you're hanging out is there ever alcohol sometimes?
P1	I'm gonna be Audie sometimes
P2	so how often do you think you drink alcohol?
P1	um um...depending on how much schoolwork there is when there's not it might be like every other weekend or like three weekends out of the month
P2	oh so you're drinking a lot. oh yeah okay and how much are you drinking on the days that you're... on the days that you drink?
P1	um I don't we don't get blackout drunk or anything it's more of like a little tipsy kind of thing I have gotten blackout drunk before but I kind of did that learned my lesson nothing like it
P2	got it. so you've you've had some pretty heavy drinking. what do you thinks the most you've ever had? like how many drinks?
P1	yeah um it was a good amount it was the first time I ever drank and it was three or four cups but it was mixing different things
P2	okay so you don't even know. okay so and then your friends drink too?
P1	yeah yes not all of them.. some of them
P2	okay, and how much do they typically drink?
P1	more or less the same amount so right now the most we'll have is maybe like one cup I don't do that one time but sometimes one or two but they can be kind of heavy
P2	okay so it's one cup but let's imagine not what I drink a lot of alcohol in it okay. so gosh you're you're actually really drinking quite a lot you know your level of drinking puts you in what we call a high-risk group so is that surprising to you?
P1	a little bit yeah
P2	so we caught high risk because it means that there's actually quite a bit of chances that you're gonna have some bad consequences from drinking like that so you know things like having car accidents or other accidents or getting in fights or you know sexual assault or health problems or developing alcoholism have you thought about those things?
P1	not too much to be honest I've always thought since it's you know within my small group of friends and we usually sleep over each other the house we don't get into the problems of drinking and driving and possibly sexual assaults and things like that but I haven't really thought about possible alcoholism or anything
P2	Okay, so it's good because you are not drinking and driving but you're still really drinking a lot and yeah okay so let's let's talk a little bit about that how you might be able to make some changes cuz I think you really need to need to stop drinking like this
P1	okay
P2	so do you think you could quit drinking? or..
P1	yeah I think I could I don't need it for instance it it is used as a kind of like let's get the party going uh-huh we haven't always had it obviously so I think it would be possible to stop drinking
P2	okay so does that mean you're gonna stop drinking?
P1	um I would probably start off by like because my friends are also involved so I feel like hey guys I don't think I'm gonna drink today and kind of see how that goes
P2	okay cuz you don't sound very much like you think that's gonna work
P1	yeah it's you know it's one thing to control my own drinking and it's another thing when everyone else around me is drinking and then there's like that pressure T	mm-hmm
P1	I was thinking I think I look stupid okay
P2	so how are you gonna quit drinking without your friends thinking you look stupid..
P1	yeah
P2	okay so I mean do you think they're really good friends of yours if they're gonna give you such a hard time?
P1	my close ones I know they wouldn't be you know have a problem with that but the ones that I'm not that close to its but I'll still like hang out with those are probably the ones that I think made ostracize nice or something
P2	it sounds like you might be better off without them though there yeah maybe not very good friends probably
P1	might be too judgmental mm-hmm
P2	so so I think we should set a goal that you're gonna stopdrinking and I think you should probably stop as soon as possible like this weekend okay so the way this normally works is you know we set your goal and then I'll have you come back and we'll talk about it again in a couple weeks and make sure that you actually stopped and so what do you think about?
P1	that I think I think the possibility okay so make a good plan like I think I'd be able to follow
P2	okay great so the plan is going to be that you're gonna quit and the friends that you have that you don't think are supportive you're just gonna not hang out with anymore yeah okay and then um you know like are your friends in band drinking?
P1	um not not really the ones that drink more are the ones like my class friends okay my friends we're focused on bands uh-huh can't relieve
P2	okay so that might be good is really just to focus more on band um cuz you know the other big concern I have for you is if you want to go to medical school you're not ever gonna get into medical school if you're drinking like this yeah you know like college is gonna be really hard and especially without those pre-med classes you're not gonna be able handle it. Drinking this much you know have you thought about that?
P1	not too much to be honest yeah
P2	okay so setting this goal then of quitting drinking is gonna be really helpful for you and it sounds like it shouldn't be that tough really especially because you can just stop hanging out with the people who drink a lot since you have some other friends yeah so do you have any questions for me?or...
P1	what should I write yeah I do so what should I say like once let's say I hang out with my friends and I like they why aren't you why aren't you drinking
P2	mm-hmm
P1	like how should I go about that situation
P2	well you know one good option would be to just review with them all the bad things about alcohol you can say you know I thought about it and I realized it's gonna mess up my homework and you know it's really a lot of risk for my health I don't want to become an alcoholic you know I don't want to get liver disease I don't want to end up driving drunk or getting into accidents or getting in fights you know one thing you could bring up is I've heard a lot of stories about kids who you know at parties and they're drunk and acting stupid and then people post stuff on Instagram and you know that's it for their social life it's like over
P1	so and and you know like professional life as well I don't want that biting me yeah but
P2	I think just tell your friends you know you realize there's all these bad things about it and you don't want to do it anymore so you're just not going to okay and then you can tell them to stop - you know then that'd be really good good news
P1	you know as a group we but we all work together to become better yeah
P2	yeah exactly all right any other questions or anything else I can help with?
P1	no I think I think I'm good okay so
P2	like I said I'll plan to meet with you again in a couple weeks and make sure that you actually quit drinking okay all
P1	right sounds good
P2	great
