None	Laura so thanks for coming in I'm not sure how much you know about why you're here or what we're supposed to talk about so basically I'm going to be meeting with all the students in the school usually once or twice per semester and we're gonna talk about you know whatever's kind of going on in your life I'll ask you some questions about you know your goals and what you like to do for fun and those sorts of things and then we'll talk a little bit about you know different behaviors and and stuff like that and so it's it's pretty casual pretty informal just sort of a chance for me to get to know you. alright okay why don't we start by just having you tell me a little bit about yourself?
P1	okay um my name is Laura and I'm  and I'm a senior in high school
P2	okay, and what do you like to do for fun?
P1	mostly just hang out with my friends and stuff on the weekends things like that
P2	and when you and your friends are hanging out and what do you do go to?
P1	ball games go to party if it's school related maybe like a game or two or go to the mall like to shop or go to the movies or something and that night maybe like a party or something someone's throwing
P2	okay and what kind of hobbies do you have?
P1	um I like to be and I like to go outside and like take walks and like hike and stuff I'm very outdoorsy
P2	so oh cool what are your plans for after high school?
P1	well I plan to apply to college and maybe you know have a good career and something like that hopefully
P2	that's great what do you think you'll study?
P1	well I'm I'm looking at the journalism maybe pre-law
P2	Oh neat
P1	which is a little different but yeah
P2	that's great that's a really good goal yeah
P1	thanks
P2	it's a hard work to get into law school. How are you doing in  school? what kind of grades do you get?
P1	I'm doing okay I'm getting mostly A's and B's
P2	so we're pretty good okay okay. What classes are you not getting A's and B's in?
P1	um I think all my grades raisin B's
P2	oh yeah okay and do you know where you're going to apply to college?
P1	I'm not sure yet but I'm looking into schools if like in the area so maybe I don't know maybe I only poem or something
P2	okay cool, and and what made you decide maybe law school or journalism?
P1	um well I'm definitely not a math or science person so I started off by there that I start looking at careers that maybe I would like so
P2	okay great sounds like you have like I said really good goals and you're working hard in school you said that when you're going out with your friends you like to hang out and shop and stuff like that and also go to parties, so do you drink alcohol?
P1	um not really maybe one or two drinks at a party at the most
P2	okay and how often do you think you drink?
P1	um maybe like once or twice a month at the most
P2	mm-hmm so like once or wice a month you're having alcohol?
P1	yeah
P2	okay and so that's maybe like  times a year possibly yeah so that's actually kind of a lot of drinking then
P1	yeah I guess you can say that
P2	okay what do you think the most you've ever had?
P1	um just two drinks at a party at the most I don't I don't like to drink a lot I don't getting drunk is not something that appeals to me so I just have like a drink in my hand so my friends won't bug me about not drinking I just like to look like I'm actually doing something most a lot of time I don't even drink at all
P2	so but you've been drunk before?
P1	no not really maybe tipsy but not like drunk
P2	okay so the most you've ever ever had is two drinks in a day. okay interesting. so do you know all the bad stuff about alcohol?
P1	um yeah
P2	yeah okay so one of the things that you know it's really important to talk to teenagers about is drinking and driving so you know that's actually a really big problem and and even around here we have kids die every year from getting in a drunk driving accident so that's something that you really need to make sure you're not doing. all right, have you ever done that have you ever done ever drunk driven?
P1	and I've never got in the car with a drunk driver
P2	okay, how much do your friends drink?
P1	um I mean I have some friends that drink someone others like my close group of friends don't really drink as much because I'm not really interested in that but I know that there are people that okay drink a lot more
P2	what about at these parties you're going to? there are other kids there who are drinking a lot?
P1	yeah there are kids that drink a lot more than I do definitely you
P2	and do you hang out with them?
P1	not really closely like I know who they are and I'll say hi but not they're not really that close friends of mine
P2	mm-hmm so you know even just hanging out around kids who are drinking a lot actually puts you at a lot more risk. Did you know that?
P1	um yeah
P2	that make sense. yeah so there I mean a lot of the other dangers of drinking like not just car accidents we can have other accents you know people you know will fall or you know break things or a lot of people actually end up breaking their bones and ending up in the emergency room because they've been drunk and fallen down or you know as a girl it's really important too that you're careful because you could be sexually assaulted you know especially if you've been drinking then you know you're at a lot more risk because a guy can take advantage of you did have you thought about?
P1	that yeah, I have that's one of the main reasons I don't like to drink that much
P2	so and then you know people get in fights more often when they've been drinking too also you know there have been a lot of kids even at this school gotten in trouble because they were drinking and someone took pictures with their cell phone and put it up on Facebook and then their parents find out or school finds out and you know we have a no tolerance policy here about drugs and alcohol and really can get you into trouble and could put your whole college career in jeopardy have you thought about that?
P1	yeah definitely
P2	but you're still drinking
P1	yeah I mean I guess it's the thing to do at a party so
P2	so I mean do you think it's the thing to do if you want to be an attorney?
P1	um definitely not that's why I don't try to drink that much just make it look like I kind of
P2	okay hmm so I mean I guess what we need to do then is kind of talk about some goals for how to be safer
P1	okay
P2	um obviously you shouldn't be drinking at all um what do you think about that?
P1	I definitely agree I know that there are some other risks involved in alcohol other than the ones you mentioned like health-wise and things like that so I agree that alcohol may not be the best thing
P2	so do you think you can quit?
P1	um yeah I mean it's not like a really big part of my life
P2	so okay so I'm gonna write down then that you've decided to quit and that's going to be your goal and that's great you know that's really why we're here is to talk about that and make sure that you come to that decisio um so I guess can you quit this weekend?
P1	yeah yeah definitely I'll just not have a drink
P2	okay and then what about your friends who are still drinking?
P1	um I really can't control what they do but I'll definitely try to get my closest friends to maybe stop like I will
P2	okay and what if they won't?
P1	well then I guess I'll just try to hang around unless or something or try to find things for us to do that don't involve alcohol like a party anything
P2	yeah probably if your friends won't quit drinking you should ust find new friends because you know the problem is if they're drinking they're going to pressure you into drinking and then you're going to feel awkward and you know you're going to be stuck and and not know what to do and really just be better off probably without them if they're if they're the kind of people who are going to keep drinking they're probably not a good influence and then then you'll be better set for college too because you know the issue is you're getting good grades now but when you get to college it's a lot harder and you know if you're needing really good grades to get into law school which you will need then you really can't be distracted by alcohol
P1	okay yeah definitely
P2	okay so um that's great because it pretty much covers all the stuff that I think I needed to go over with you um let's see I guess we didn't talk about what would happen if your parents found out you were drinking they would be pretty upset
P1	yeah they don't really condone alcohol use
P2	oh okay so yeah just another reason why you probably need to just quit then
P1	um okay
P2	yeah okay so like I said I'm gonna write down here that you've decided to quit and you know I'm gonna be meeting with you again probably next semester sometime so we can kind of check in and make sure that you know that's still going well and you're still not drinking and not hanging out with any people who are drinking is there anything else you'd like to talk about while you're here no I think I'm good okay um any questions or no?
P1	no
P2	okay you're sure okay all right um well that's probably it then you can head back to class and and thanks for coming in
